hey Joey hi I'm ray I'm the producer of
the show it's a pleasure to meet you Ray
and this is Duncan and Aaron they're
gonna help us out with the audition so
let's get the camera rolling righty-o
ray whenever you're ready
hello I'm Joey Tribbiani let's play
bamboozled Aaron you get the first
question in hockey who is known as the
great one Wayne Gretzky correct now
would you like to pick a wicked WANGO
card or spin the wheel of mayhem ah Joey
didn't your agents give you the Revised
Rules we've eliminated all that no wheel
no cards
what why well the game was too
complicated and research showed people
didn't follow it well what's complicated
you spin the wheel of mayhem to go up
the ladder a chance to go past the motto
through the rainbow ring to get to the
Golden Monkey you yank its tails and
boom you're in paradise fun
yeah oh that's gone uh it's basically
just a simple question-and-answer game
now
well what's fun about that you expect me
to be the host of a boring game it's
just people standing around answering
questions well they'll be women in
bikinis holding up the scores
let's fly bamboozled